Transform Rules:

Update cases:

Case name: Package Rename
Command line argument: -tr, --renames
Rule content: Specifies a package rename as a key-value pair which maps an initial package name to a final package name.
Wildcard support: Supports the optional use of '*' at the end of the input package name.

Used by: Class action

Class applications:

* Changes the names of classes which reside in a renamed package.
* Changes the resource/paths of classes which reside in a renamed package.
* Changes references to the renamed package.
* Changes string constants which contain the renamed package.

Used by: Service configuration loader action

Service configuration loader applications:

* Changes the names of resource configuration files which include the renamed package.
* Changes the values within resource configuration files which include the renamed package.

Used by: Java action

Java applications:

* Changes any source text which includes the renamed package.

Used by: Manifest action

Manifest applications:

* Updates any property values which include the renamed package.

Used by: Feature manifest action

Feature manifest applications:

* Same as manifest applications.

Case name: Version Update
Command line argument: -tv, --version
Rule content: Specifies a package version assignment as a key-value pair which maps an package name to a version range.
Wildcard support: None

Used by: Manifest action

Manifest applications:

* Updates version values of package references which occur in OSGi attributes "DynamicImport-Package", "Export-Package", "Import-Package", "Subsystem-Content", and "IBM-API-Package".
  Version updates are performed after performing package rename updates.

Used by: Feature manifest action

Feature manifest applications:

* Same as manifest applications 

Case name: Bundle identity update
Command line argument: -tb, --bundles
Rule content: Specifies a bundle identity update as key-value pair, mapping an initial bundle symbolic name to a comma delimited list of bundle identity update information. The bundle update information consists of a final bundle symbolic value, a version value for the final bundle, a name for the final bundle, and a description for the final bundle.
Wildcard support: The final bundle name and final bundle description values support a leading '+', which indicates that the final value will be appended to the corresponding initial value.

Used by: Manifest action

Manifest action applications

* For each manifest which contains a "Bundle-SymbolicName" which matches a specified bundle symbolic name, updates the bundle properties "Bundle-SymbolicName", "Bundle-Version", "Bundle-Name", and "Bundle-Description" using the supplied bundle identity update values.

Used by: Feature manifest action

Feature manifest action applications:

* Same as manifest applications

Case name: Class simple string update
Command line argument: -td, --direct 
Rule content: Specifes a simple string replacement as a key value pair, mapping an initial text value to a final text value. 
Wildcard support: None

Used by: Class action

Class applications:

* Updates each string constant which matches an initial value exactly with the final value.

Case name: XML simple string update
Command line argument: -tf
Rule content: Specifies simple string updates to XML files using two tiers of properties.  The first tier key-value pairs map file selection regular expressions to second tier property file names.  The second tier key-value pairs specifies simple string updates, mapping initial text values to final text values.
Wildcard support: File selection key values may include a leading '?' or a leading '*'.

Used by: XML action

XML action applications:

* Each XML file which matches one of the first tier values is updated by applying each of the selected second tier key-value pairs, performing simple text substitution on the raw text of the XML file. 
